With a murderer  every one and half hours
El Salvador is amount the world's most violent societies
A wash with weapons and torn apart by rival gangs.
But as the states struggles to respond, are others now taking matters into their own hands?
16 homicides per day. El Salvador
is the most violent peace time nations on earth.
Government forces struggle to contain armed and ruthless gangs.
The most notorious of which are the mara salvatrucha.
Also known as MS 13
No place is free from the blood shed
Local journalists Brian Avelar has spent the last
two years trying to understand what is ripping his country apart.
He believes that local business men have been taking the law into their own hands
and hiring hit-men to clean up the street.
We joined Brian in San Miguel, the countries 2ed biggest city
to investigate a death squad, known locally as los extermino
Sunday morning  a tactical crime scene for journalist Brian Avelar.
An exchange of gun fire with common  forces is said to have caused the death
of a possible gang member.
This man is a relative to the murdered victim.
They are not gang members YET.
The unspoken rule in El Salvador is to stay quiet what ever you see or hear.
Hours can go past waiting behind the yellow police tape. Until
forensics appear.
It is unlikely this family will ever receive answers.
Only one out of 10 homicide cases in El Salvador is ever solved.
This is the state of affairs were murderer is normalized. An impunity rains,
Other the last view years a number of vigilante deaths squads have emerged
One known as los extermino, style themselves as savoir.
They say they have fought back against the gang's choke hold.
And have been accredited with at least 40 murders in the San Miguel area.
Very often with public support.
The first came to light last summer. When seven bodies were found on a country road.
All excluded with a bullet to the head.
This man, in the yellow t-shirt, came across the body when they were being taken away.
He has asked for his identity to not to be shown
The people
realize the situation of their location where they live
But there is a great fear to talk about it
A source has leakedc Brian this classified document.
An account of a former investigation into the groups activities
It describes a group of heavenly armed men operating from several 4x4 vesicles
hunting down suspected gang members. Allegedly in coordination
with police.
It says  a number of local
business men are also under investigation for supplying weapons and vehicles
The exterminators in verity has grown. Making waves on social media.
Local journalist Juan Carlos Dias has been looking for patterns from past murders
contributed to the group
That same night, we met a man who was thankful to be alive.
After a terrifying run in with los exterminos
In that book the witness believed were the names of those set to be exterminated.
There's an estimated 60,000 gang members in El Salvador
With over half a million affiliates ranging from look outs to family members.
A modern day tribe or a shadow society that protects it's own and claims
to represent the disenfranchise.
The maras rule by terror and violence.
At the San Miguel police department men accused of being MS13
gang members are arrested and paraded in front of the media
Some bear the distinctive symbolic tattoos they are famous for
As usual the event takes place without the police showing their faces
for fear of gang reprisals
In here suspects are being dealt with according to the law.
Outside, that's not always the case.
Ver, oie y cayar.
See, hear and stay quiet.
The gangs motto is entrained on society.
MS-13 operates in all the suburbs , santi-towns  and city santa
One gang crime the police struggle to control. Is extortion of local businesses.
Payments can range from $5 thur $1500 a month
This business man says he is forced   to pay a monthly fee to the maras
In order to understand this reality better
We've come to meet Will Sangado
A former Mayor of San Miguel. Who now owns a furniture business.
Sangado spent two years in prison.  Convicted of being a founder of the death squad.
Known as la sombra negra.   Or black shadow
that operated in the 90's
It is an accusation he still denies.
Brian spent weeks attempting to meet the mara's from San Miguel.
Finally we received confirmation.
The local chief sent one of this foot solders to talk to us.
They enforced strict rules about what we could reveal on camera.
This was the only angle they allowed us to film.
Local journalist Juan Carlos Dias joins us to compare  notes.
We are getting closer to los exterminos
Do they represent the desperation of ordinary people
or are they simply a band of hit men? Killing for cash.
After weeks of negotiations, Los Exterminos agree to send a spokes men
Again, the interview had to be done under strict terms of anonymity.
They refused point blank to answer any awkward questions.
Everything about their image was considered from their balaclava and weaponry
to their head gear
There is now an investigation by state prosecutors into police involvement
with Los Exterminos.
20 police men have been placed under investigation.
15 of these are from the same anti-extortion department
and have all taken indefinite leave
We arranged to meet the highest ranking officer under investigation.
He had been moved to a different police district closer to the capital San Salvador.
Unaware of the nature of our investigation
He invited us to take a look at disturbing material he recently sieved from MS-13 hide outs.
The images on this cell phone are too shocking to show on screen.
We spoke to the head of police in San Miguel
he said that police are involved in Los Extreminos and they are not acting officially. .
But police insist they will investigate their own.
Anyone found to be involved would face charges
Local people told us, that the murder rate had gone down since Los
Exterminos began dealing with the gangsters.
But there are no official   figures